it's just it was an accident accident
why you keep letting them back in you
know why she got it
[Music]
about you 17 years old were you gonna be
in four years I don't know you don't
find an alternative you're gonna die
Society had given up on that 70% of our
kids end up back in jail they had given
up on themselves it's hard to be the
loser rat I'm not the one who put you
here all right you put yourself here but
one man dared to take a risk you want to
start a football team come on Sean sand
pots up then let's try the impossible
and turn the rage that made them enemies
okay you right here right now into a
bond that could make them brothers on
the gridiron we're doing my way your
weight got you here and you're here
because you lost if you accept this
challenge gonna be winners
you get out there you run their asses
over and don't quit you run the play do
it right and just get out there and give
it your best shot
[Music]
Danielle you don't really want to kiss
anything about me trying to change you
can do it you hear me
[Music]
or your mom coach
[Applause]
and not the loser you were when you
first got here you just not used to be
in a winner
now is the time to prove to yourselves
by somebody Gridiron Gang that's why
we're here because we care cuz it's so
late the money
[Music]
you